Added Azure.Arc.Server.MaintenanceConfig (#2183)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.Arc.Server.MaintenanceConfig.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Operational Excellence
category: Repeatable infrastructure
resource: Arc
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.Arc.Server.MaintenanceConfig/
---

# Associate a maintenance configuration

## SYNOPSIS

Use a maintenance configuration for Arc-enabled servers.

## DESCRIPTION

Arc-enabled servers can be attached to a maintenance configuration which allows customer managed assessments and updates for machine patches within the guest operating system.

## RECOMMENDATION

> Consider associating a maintenance configuration for Arc-enabled servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider automatically managing and applying operating system updates with a maintenance configuration.
```
